I advise my heart to know wisdom and to
know madness and folly I proceed that
this also was a chasing after wind three
other wisdom is much greener and he
increasing knowledge and crews have
sorrow we've got a problem
I can't anchor him
he's projecting the treatment retreating
Desmond I need you to try and relax
let me try it
Oh
this person sounded
recognize of what you'll see is Maria
to the past can't hurt you Wow
it's not working
give it a moment mr. Gilligan
as all
what you living
in that mr. Minh
it's out now
we're going to try
you okay
I told you he'd be fine
bastard now now I just saved your life
save my life you kidnapped me you
strapped me into that thing animus
it's an animus I don't even know you
people why are you doing this to me
you have information we need mr. miles
information I'm a bartender for Christ's
sakes what do you want me to do teach
how to mix a martini we know who you are
what you are I don't know what you're
talking about don't play coy with me
there isn't time you're an assassin and
whether you realize it or not you've got
something that my employers want locked
away in that head of yours but I'm not
an assassin not anymore
yes your file indicated as much
something about an escape most fortunate
for us what do you want from me for you
to do as you're told
the Animus will allow us to locate what
we need once we have it you'll be free
to go I am not going back in there
then we'll induce a coma and continue
our work when we're done you'll be left
to die truth be told the only reason
you're still conscious is because this
approach saves us time you're insane so
what is it mr. miles
live or die
lie down
[Music]
a wise decision
Oh where am I
you're inside the Animus which is it's a
projector that renders genetic memories
in three dimensions
genetic memory seems you'll need a bit
of a tutorial very well we'll start
simple what is a memory mr. miles
it's the recollection of a past event
specific to the individual remembering
the event yeah sure and what if I told
you that the human body not only housed
an individual's memory but the memories
of his ancestors as well
genetic memory if you will migration
hibernation reproduction how do animals
know when and where to go what to do
that's just animal instinct now you're
arguing semantics mr. miles
whatever you call it the fact remains
these creatures hold knowledge absent
the requisite first-hand experience I've
spent the past 30 years trying to
understand why I discovered something
most fascinating our DNA functions as an
archive it contains not only genetic
instructions passed down from previous
generations but memories as well the
memories of our ancestors and the Animus
lets you decode and read these DNA files
precisely but there's a problem
this is the specific memory we're trying
to access unfortunately when we try and
open the memory your mind withdraws you
lack the confidence to step into your
ancestors body that's what happened
earlier you got knocked out of the
target memory and pushed back to a more
stable state why it's your subconscious
it's resisting we found similar
reactions among patients who undergo
hypnosis to relive traumatic events they
can't jump directly into the specific
memory they need to be eased in even
then there can be problems so how do we
fix it we find a memory you can
synchronize with and we move forward
from there you'll get used to it this is
the closest we can get so it's where
we'll have to start I'm uploading the
tutorial program now